Update caching documentation (#1267)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: doc/CONFIGURATION.md

## Caching configuration

> Mountpoint can optionally cache filesystem metadata and content to reduce cost and improve performance for repeated reads to the same file.

Reviewer: We're using "file system" instead of "filesystem" throughout, so I'd stick to the former for consistency. (There's a few occurrences to update in this PR.)

Since we need to update the PR anyway, I'd also suggest to keep "object content".

```suggestion
Mountpoint can optionally cache file system metadata and object content to reduce cost and improve performance for repeated reads to the same file.
```

> Caching of metadata entries relaxes the strong read-after-write consistency offered by Amazon S3 and Mountpoint in its default configuration.
> See the [consistency and concurrency section of the semantics documentaton](./SEMANTICS.md#consistency-and-concurrency) for more details.

> The `--metadata-ttl` flag is used to control how long Mountpoint considers it's filesystem metadata (file existence, size, etag, etc) accurate before re-fetching from S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--metadata-ttl` flag is used to control how long Mountpoint considers its file system metadata (file existence, size, object etag, etc) accurate before re-fetching from S3.
```
